Dawn Ninham: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Dawn Ninham: I'm all right. I'm trying to get my I woke up late and I had to get the shower. Oh, I'm trying to get my trash Burt
Oh, that's
Dawn Ninham: My, my face went down, look.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I did they put you on antibiotics.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, um, I have some here at the house and I couldn't find a ride. So I have good news, we probably got her band going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he
Dawn Ninham: Was it plugs, the wires in
Dawn Ninham: You at all.
Oh,
Dawn Ninham: OK.
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Dawn Ninham: They never sent me that letter.
Dawn Ninham: They sent my care coordinator, how to do it or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your character.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me look really fast and say,
Dawn Ninham: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Care Coordinator is. And let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Shoot her a message. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: I can't leave this in your belly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. How's everything going
Dawn Ninham: Alright, like a way better since I have a van. Now my Android again I can go do Andre is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I paid a little winded. So I just started walking
Dawn Ninham: Hundred $30 for insurance. Did the $40 registration fee again so that way. I'm, you know, are we able to take it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, stay
Dawn Ninham: In good go so we can drive it and not be scared to dive into it.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then what your, what's your plan.
Dawn Ninham: Today, laundry on the court in two days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost your audio.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Audio still gone I hear it coming in and out, but it's not connected
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I still don't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, there you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, good.
Dawn Ninham: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what were you saying yep court in two days.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. According to days. Um, I went to my lawyer last was it last Wednesday and
Dawn Ninham: I asked him about the stuff that I have to, you know, print out through and then he is formatted that we get to know how far visit inside and a half, but they only watch us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Dawn Ninham: He, he got a phone right after we left there goes the phone and called her so now like she's like Oh didn't Veronica talk to him, like, no.
Dawn Ninham: Like you guys can't go out alone anymore. Well, wait a second. So now that you're getting, you're going to watch us outside because I told my lord of the truth. Yeah, so they're gonna make it seem like it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I don't understand. You can't go outside anymore. What does that mean,
Dawn Ninham: Like it's supposed to be.
Dawn Ninham: Supervision supervised visits.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, but really, like we sit inside and they know we're good with our kids. So they go outside the other the other hour, one hour in one are out if it's sunny.
Dawn Ninham: And nobody watches us because they know that we're good, we're good to go. Well, I told my lawyer that is so because that was one of my things that she was lying about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and he
Dawn Ninham: Immediately called her so now she it's like she's on her side. You mean like whatever I was going to bring up in court. He's already calling her so that way. She can dispute or they are fixed it.
Dawn Ninham: I feel like public speaking up on but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's supposed to be on your side.
Dawn Ninham: That's yeah us too. He said, You know, I work for you, right, not counting. I didn't even ask you that.
Dawn Ninham: You know, why did you try
Dawn Ninham: To pursue that. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And why would you call the worker and tell them you know private information.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: You know, this is, this is where I sit down and call the worker Rafi leave and then tell her what you've been for me of. But why would he do that when that's my presentable stuff in court, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: But now she stopped it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That doesn't make any sense.
Dawn Ninham: It's like a crack like I got apparently I got
Dawn Ninham: Four months, like if they do terminate services, I'll have four months.
Dawn Ninham: Before like the final process. And so in two months to put another
Dawn Ninham: The end of the quarter.
Dawn Ninham: And then
Dawn Ninham: So they are my my age is told me to.
Dawn Ninham: Go to every test, like, dude, like I wasn't my fault, like our band was broke this whole time, like the cooking got me. It could have took me, you know, but that wasn't an option so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't under I. It doesn't make any sense to me at all. What do you have to do. What is it on your plan that you have to that you still have to complete
I'm
Dawn Ninham: Nothing, it's just a oh going to test, which was hard, right, and then I just after story. She's gonna hurt search. I just gave up. You know, I mean, I can go test like the last two times
Dawn Ninham: But when I found out that I do have an option to kids back I told Jeff like old and I'm gonna freakin be there, you know, and that's why he fixed a man, he got out here lifted the hood figured out what it was.
Dawn Ninham: fixed it. So now we have a vehicle again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're going to see
Dawn Ninham: Total difference we had a vehicle and then boom, we didn't have vehicle not performance was held, and then we have a vehicle again don't notice, hopefully.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just keep, you know, you just keeps you showing up and testing you know God you bought you call up and volunteer to test it out if he
Dawn Ninham: Like you, but they said they said we can't, we can't. I walked in their everyday ask you to test if you want to just, we can't, we can't test you because you could be merging it or, or, like, I don't know the lady watches weepy how much it. You don't need to say the words that were
Dawn Ninham: What's it called
I
Dawn Ninham: Think we're giving them maybe different P, but she's literally as if they're watching me chance to compensate. There's like no way to get away with it you know messages dangers system for three days and sees your system for a lot longer than that.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so I you know you just got a kid.
My
Dawn Ninham: My husband's cousin on the house and he's renting to the news this couple and that that couple. It has to my voice.
Dawn Ninham: And he showed up there was red check. And the guy said he, is he has adopted these kids. He's like, wait why your weight what the last four years, and I was like I adopting my kids, if I remember last year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'll tell you what they do. They the system to get those things in place ahead of time that's that's really kind of their like that's like
Dawn Ninham: Like basically discouraging you like they don't
Dawn Ninham: Think that we're going to just lose or, you know, no matter what we're gonna be we're gonna fail. It's like
Dawn Ninham: What I do all this, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but you're not, you got to keep you just got to keep fighting. No matter what, Johnny. Don't give up. And don't stop fighting. Because I can tell you why because I
Dawn Ninham: Always get a second chance. Like I've know most people I've got
Dawn Ninham: Two or three times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I don't want you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta keep you gotta you know do what they want you to do and fight at every step of the way, and it's not going to be easy. And you're going to get discouraged and frustrated but don't stop, no matter what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, just stop you know you and I just put in to find out who your care coordinator is so that I can ask them to get that letter to you ASAP.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have two days, you know, before court. And so you need it.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. And then he told me I need to get everything, um, whatever. I was going to present to the judge me. I needed to turn it in the beginning of the week because I'm yes to, I guess, put it through like a process thing. Like, what could I just hand them the evidence like right in court.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He wants to be able to to review it and see, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What it means, put it in with the DHS worker that you're doing these things. And you're compliant and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, as far as that goes. So that they know to they both are on the same page when you walk in the courts. What I know is that a lot of times the judges don't like to see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That lack of communication or dysfunction with with things, you know. So if you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Giving your lawyer every piece of paper that you're to prove that you're doing what you're supposed to be doing. You know what I mean. Then he submits it to the DHS worker and then she doesn't have a leg to stand on to fight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to buy things. And so it's kind of hard to bring a war when there's evidence that you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Contrary to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To what they want to fight about so there's that. And you have to remember DHS workers, you know, their most of their mindset is that you're lying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period and
Dawn Ninham: I've been in every single one of your kids situations in their shoes. I'm like, wait, you have been in my shoes.
Dawn Ninham: You should have been in my shoes because she is mother, but she is. She's like our second tip is she hasn't been in my shoes. She might have been a kid in foster care.
Dawn Ninham: And her mom might have been about mom but I i've only lived my life frickin take care of the kids, even when I was a teacher. I just, you know, I mean, it was like
Dawn Ninham: Boom, you wake up in the morning, you get, you know, breakfast and mala preschool you like breakfast, lunch, dinner, you know, bedtime. It was like a clockwork. I didn't leave and take off and no
Dawn Ninham: No.
Dawn Ninham: But I wasn't there. You know, like mentally
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great. Sure.
Dawn Ninham: A lot better now you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you are you required to go to any kind of parenting classes.
Dawn Ninham: Or again, graduated four of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You Brett you've graduated four of them.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, graduated the baby was
Dawn Ninham: Incredible years i'm loving logic and recap now.
Dawn Ninham: As I know
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's you.
Dawn Ninham: Freak out in five weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That rocks.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I know what I mean. And if that doesn't show motivation and urine. You know, you're engaging in treatment and you're doing that piece you're compliant, you know, in our area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When it's hard for the courts to justify taking kids away when the parents are doing everything that the workers asking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and the minute that you don't do something that they asked, of course, they're going to come down like a hammer and of course they're going to be really hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, of course, they're going to say things that are that are discouraging and they're rude and that are mean you got to build a shell against against all that you got to realize
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you have done what you are doing and stay on this path because you know what I know is at the end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The kids get to come home. As long as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Y'all stay sober and do what you're supposed to do. You know, it's their job to make it is their job to make it hard. You know, they want to see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's the job it is to try to make it hard to try to break it down a little bit to see how easy it is for you to turn back to you to using. I mean, that's
Dawn Ninham: Like a third, and he was like the depression because I don't think I'd never get mad like mandatory want to hurt anything or when I get them fairly cry. You know, like, like, I don't want to not show emotion in the visit, because the requirement.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. My dog.
Dawn Ninham: My dog.
Dawn Ninham: You can see on your screen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't see it. I just hear these little you know these noises that that's okay. Um, I've worked with DHS in the past, and I've worked with, you know, for my clients and. And again, I can tell you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their job is to make it tough for you and the top of that they make it for you. The more determined and motivated you are to continue doing what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you've got a turtle up. You've got a to build the shell that anything that they say anything that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, any downgrading things you know that you hear or that you know they say you've got to build a shell for and and persevere through it and just count what you've already done. Take a look at what you've already done and what you're doing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got to remember those things. Yes, I know you know this is tough. It's the same thing with when you are on probation and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you've got these new charges and probation gives you this whole list of things that they expect you to do that feels like a mountain like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How am I supposed to get all this done plus gap, a full time job and and support, you know, get on my feet. But the great part about it is that we persevere through those things we climb that mountain because our children mean that much to us.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I was like,
Dawn Ninham: That's what my wife and my kids. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: And so like
Dawn Ninham: I think I've got like like
Dawn Ninham: OH MY GOD WHAT I DO IF I COULD EVER. You don't mean like I couldn't. I don't know why I went live. I don't, I don't think I want to be in the same town. I don't know. I do well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't even don't even think that right now. What I know what I know is that when DHS is working with a family there an ultimate goal is always reunification, but they have to have a backup plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In case you know you continue to read if you continue to relapse you continue to throw dirty ways, you know, there's a point where they say we can't do this any longer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so they have to make sure that they have a backup plan. And so it sounds to me, what they're doing is they're getting that backup plan in place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period. And that's how you have to look at it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, got, you know,
Your p
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that backup plans, you know, backup plans.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what it is. I'm definitely does. It don't let it discourage you take it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, take it and add the add that fuel to your motivation to to, you know, continue doing what you're doing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And again, you know what I mean it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What they I think what they look for his reactions to things. How do you handle tough.
Dawn Ninham: Situation. I'm like, I just feel we were doing great. Like you know me. We actually got our kids back to first six months of this
Dawn Ninham: But I'm still there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, but Jeff. We didn't have a house to transport took our money. So we're going to buy a trailer until we asked him to stay in busker for one more week when we shouldn't have, like, I didn't go to court. Does anyone even ask that.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. So I mean, but that that doesn't say anything like that in there. It's like all paperwork is so much. It says that I'm a judge to kids away when that wasn't even like judge who's an Indian lady.
Dawn Ninham: Don't even know which was
Dawn Ninham: This lady wrong companies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Dawn Ninham: And I'm gonna bring up the point where we didn't have a van and now we do
Dawn Ninham: was different than my dog.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. You just gotta keep, you know, pushing through you know you and you know make sure that the judge knows that you had a vehicle that was broke down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You now have a vehicle that is running, you did what you needed to do to get it together, you know, and to make it run again. You know what I mean. Yeah, you just don't let you know. Don't let any of this discourage you. This is what this is the tough part about working with DHS, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're on the right track. You're doing the right things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just have to remind yourself, you know,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, and all my kids I want my kids be proud of me anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you want to be proud of you.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: come a long way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you get, you know, you're at work in progress, like the rest of us. Yeah, we all are we close ourselves off to learning new, you know, learning things then we stay stagnant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And under the influence. Worst stagnant. We're stagnant emotionally, mentally, you know, we're stagnant and you know your persevering through all of this stuff. You've got to just hold on to. And remember that, you know, yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Well,
Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: The thing is not a positive. No, I didn't think of something happy the way I'll get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you need to write down the list of everything that
Dawn Ninham: ever visit today. So that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I've been to enough hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Dawn Ninham: Already done
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I'm gonna write down, I will have a proven everything I've already did.
Dawn Ninham: I'm sure bring up the Madam, I don't want to, I want to get some like excuses, you know, we're not going to attack the social workers. So whenever I'm just gonna
Dawn Ninham: Leave just like go now, please.
Dawn Ninham: Give me a second online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Typing Jamie and I, she's a care coordinator. We're talking about getting your letter to you.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, good. Yeah. All of these mostly it was when I started, and that I see a therapist and a doctor weekly and
Dawn Ninham: So that they know I am seeing somebody, and I'm not mentally shutting down
Dawn Ninham: Or bottling and all that. Is it not keep it all to myself not
Dawn Ninham: But it helps to write stuff down to
Dawn Ninham: Are there.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. Oh, sorry.
Dawn Ninham: I can't jump in. There we go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you can you access your email.
Dawn Ninham: Not while I'm on the phone. But yeah, I will. After I go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Back. So what I'm asking her to do is to get you a letter with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your start date compliance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're in compliance and that you see me weekly and you see a doctor weekly for the courts.
Dawn Ninham: Of perfect
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, awesome. You can even put your name down that way he you know it doesn't just doesn't look like I typed.
Dawn Ninham: Cuz you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was like, I let me tell you that. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Take Friday gather, gather
Dawn Ninham: A few of the laundry.
Dawn Ninham: Laundry and look at
Dawn Ninham: The whole bundle seats for
Dawn Ninham: Me go wash all that
Dawn Ninham: I have to half hour or two hours go visit
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So Jamie's gonna help get your letter together. I love the care coordinators, I really do their, you know, their godsend to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely with, you know, things like this that need to happen and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's in process now. So my hope is that you get it in your email when you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At your visit or before your visit.
Dawn Ninham: Well, I want to
Dawn Ninham: Know, cuz i believe i don't have Wi Fi because
Dawn Ninham: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can pick up another
Dawn Ninham: I'll go buy another phone card.
Dawn Ninham: They said they were going to
Dawn Ninham: Pay for my last phone card. So I figured why not, let's say for one more. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely utilize anything that you can with them. That's why it's there, they're given funds to help families, you know, get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There, get their shit together so you know definitely utilize what they have to offer you know
Dawn Ninham: And I like I realized my kids like I was like, No, dude, I could barely walk. I was like 296 pounds. I know.
Dawn Ninham: I'm as 290 pounds couldn't walk, I can. Oh my god, barely pick up my legs. My legs were social families have to doctor visit my kids even look
Dawn Ninham: It's not cutting scraggly they never walked around 30 faces or dirty hands or any of that. So I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Dawn Ninham: I see it.
Dawn Ninham: And me and my, my husband's relationship out of the 17 and a half years we've been together.
Dawn Ninham: We were living clean like for four years and then three years, but this has been the best you're
Dawn Ninham: Both working groups and
Dawn Ninham: It probably the, I don't know what the group probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does. And it's just keeping an open mind and learning the skills that you're being taught in group and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, this is one of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have to remember to persevere and that this is a moment you everything is going to be different. You're, you're doing what you're supposed to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You cannot forget that when you start feeling, you know, bad or discouraged or frustrated. You have to remember how far you've already key.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, I don't have to make sure I get up in the early because when I sleep all day. That's why we missed his work, you like to have them.
Dawn Ninham: Or because we just let it all the way till two or three o'clock in the afternoon, I cannot do that I have to make sure I get up early. So I'm going to take down
Dawn Ninham: Me in there and I'm going to put some light in there. If I can get up in the morning again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. And to start doing you know don't do healthy things for yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Make sure that you're putting healthy food in your body. Make sure you're drinking plenty of water you're getting enough rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, change your sleep pattern to where you're getting up with a good time in the morning, you know, okay, and all of that kind of will reflect in your pre your presentation with people. Yeah, start getting, you know what I mean. To get your color back in phase you start responding differently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just takes just takes a little bit of time.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long do you have server. Now,
Dawn Ninham: I'm since I don't know. I thought it was November when they relapse. But when I get blood work. I'm not sure. For sure. My blood work, but it was
Dawn Ninham: The week that I had a medicine. That's the week. Do we really have so
Dawn Ninham: Now it's only been what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A month, really. OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Dawn Ninham: I didn't tell them that I told my lawyer that which sucks because
Dawn Ninham: I don't even know why would tell him that like me. I told him. If they don't believe me this Matt and then that I realized that was stupid. I shouldn't say that, but I don't, I'm not gonna lie, either.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the best thing is not to, you know, not to lie because truth always comes out eventually. Anyways,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, yeah, that looks 10 times worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Hmm.
Dawn Ninham: We've always been honest about it anyway. We were honest with them from the, from the beginning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. Yeah, don't you know whatever you do, hold your truth. You know what I mean, just hold it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you'll put your persevere through this and things will start looking up, just remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then
Dawn Ninham: Jeopardy yummy or
Are
Dawn Ninham: You on here, please.
Dawn Ninham: I need you to get up, we're gonna do laundry. I have two hours. Two hours in
Dawn Ninham: Five minutes.
Dawn Ninham: Before visit
Dawn Ninham: Please.
Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I am going to let you go. You've got, you know, full plate today, um, any, any issues with your meds. This week, anything you know any cravings that you
Dawn Ninham: Crazy ever since I realized once in a while, but not to wear that medicine. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna lie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, keep
Dawn Ninham: Missing another have a van. I'm gonna keep pushing keep, you know, wake up early call my color and
Dawn Ninham: Do it.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With that motivation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just keep that motivation. Okay.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put a happy face on your face when you go in there with your take kids and spend quality time with
Them.
Dawn Ninham: You know, I always cry when I'm talking to you because I could let everything out. Yeah.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just to know what
Dawn Ninham: We want to talk about you run around play with
Dawn Ninham: Oil.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Keep doing that keep spending quality time with them. Let them know how much you love them. Let them know that you're not going anywhere. And that you're there. And you know what I mean, just keep reassuring them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Regardless, we can take my daughter will be here.
Dawn Ninham: She is, she has we we did have the same clean over date, but we'd never us together. But she's 15
Dawn Ninham: She's in a group of Sacramento treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Dawn Ninham: But like I realize all of our like what we're doing, even though the kids didn't see it made it. I didn't think they knew. They knew
Dawn Ninham: They definitely know
Dawn Ninham: I think you know they were their environment which sucked.
Dawn Ninham: Back then, now
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you have to remember too that you know that's a part of addiction is that it makes us believe that nobody knows. In reality, everybody knows it's curtsy.
Dawn Ninham: Right, I know we see people walking around like what I'd never like that. Did I
Dawn Ninham: Get this
Dawn Ninham: A couple times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or the longer you stay sober, the more you're going to be able to identify it and be like, wow, I don't want to be back there, you know, at all and kind of feels more into the motivation is to keep doing what you're doing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm going to let you go. You have a great visit with your kids today.
Dawn Ninham: And I'll see you on Friday. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I will see you on Friday.
Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye.
Bye.